# Learning C Programming repository tracking.
## This repository is used for tracking my learning process.
I start learning C Programming on 25 Dec 2023 and will write down the summary of the learning process every day(look like little my little diary) starting with this day.

***25 Dec 2023:*** On this day I'm start learning the basic concept of C Programing like Basic Structure, Datatype, Basic Functions (printf(), scanf(), fgets(), etc.), Format Specifiers and Constants, Arithmetic Operators, IF Statement and Switch Statement. On this day I had already done 5 project in C even though there was a very simple project it taught me to apply the knowledge that I have learned today to make something.

***26 Dec 2023:*** This day I've learned about Logical Operators, Functions, Loop(For and While also Do_While), and Arrays. So I will tell the truth structure of C programming is harder than I think, not because it is hard to understand but because it is hard to remember. The structure of C is very detailed when I need to create a Function I need to declare what is the type of value that will return from this function such as I must use "void()" when I need to return all of the results from the function, use "int()" when I need to return integers from the function, etc. Moreover "Arrays" in C need to focus on the number of data that you need to store in the array from Python user is very hard to think what is the total number of data that I need to store because usually i spend most of the time with thinking about algorithm but in C I need to spend time to thinking about the size of the array and more (even the length of array in C we must calculate it by using sizeof(Arrays)/sizeof(Arrays[0]) T-T), so it hard to get used to it in soon. But I will try my best :)

***27 Dec 2023:*** Today I've learned new topics like Structs, Enums, Typedef, and how to random the numbers in C programming and I'm trying to use my knowledge to build a "Number Guessing Game" I enjoy to make it and I spend a lot of time to make it. I hope you enjoy with it. (T /// T)!

***28 Dec 2023:*** I have done the course!! I am thankful! for the "Bro Code" channel that makes the C Programming course that I've learned and used to create this repository. But for now, I'm doing the "Tic Tac Toe!" project by using C so I decided to push it into a new repository called "Tic Tac Toe! Game (C Programming)" I think it might be a better choice. So I used a total of 4 days to learn all of the basic syntax and structure of C Programming I feel so good now and the next programming language I need to learn is C++, C#, and then Java. So that's it for this repository see you in the next one (^_^).

***Thanks! for reading my little diary*** 